Minor editorial, grammatical, and spelling improvments to docs (#1701)
vercel/turborepo: docs/pages/docs/core-concepts/caching.mdx

}
```

If your task does not emit any files (e.g. unit tests with Jest), set `outputs` to an empty array (i.e. `[]`), and Turborepo will cache the logs for you.

<Callout type="info">
  Pro Tip for caching ESLint: You can get a cacheable pretty terminal output
  (even for non-errors) by setting `TIMING=1` variable before `eslint`. Learn
  more over in the [ESLint
  docs](https://eslint.org/docs/latest/developer-guide/working-with-rules#per-rule-performance).
</Callout>

> With the pipeline configuration above and proper output folders, if you were to run:

Reviewer: Normally, it's best to avoid the use of location. However, this structure is still awkward so maybe something like:

```suggestion
Once you have the pipeline configuration and output folders, you can run `turbo run build test` to create the cached artifacts. To confirm open up your `node_modules/.cache/turbo` to view the artifacts.
```

Author: good call. There are several places that do this that I'll have to defer at the moment, but I've updated this particular example

```

<Callout type="info">

>   Pro Tip: It is more common for monorepos to use environment variables in workspaces that contain applications (such as a website) rather than shared packages (such as a UI component library). Thus, to get higher cache hit rates, you should likely only "depend on" environment variables in package-specific tasks in your `turbo.json` configuration.

Author: ![](https://64.media.tumblr.com/7973a5f32adc5e0a8a74377d739ec295/tumblr_nwuo6aCoZJ1s2wio8o1_500.gif)

  "pipeline": {
    "build": {
      "dependsOn": [

>         "build",

Reviewer 2: Agreed, this seems like a mistake

>         "build",

Author: you're commenting on an outdated diff! This was reverted already.

### `eslint-config-turbo`

> To further assist in detecting unseen dependencies creeping into your builds, and to help ensure that your Turborepo cache is correctly shared across every environment, use the [`eslint-config-turbo`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/eslint-config-turbo) package. While automatic environment variable inclusion should cover most situations with most frameworks, this ESLint config will provide just-in-time feedback for teams using other build time inlined environment variables. These variables are not framework-prefixed but impact build outputs. This will also help support teams using their in-house frameworks that we cannot detect automatically.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To further assist in detecting unseen dependencies creeping into your builds, and to help ensure that your Turborepo cache is correctly shared across every environment, use the [`eslint-config-turbo`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/eslint-config-turbo) package. While automatic environment variable inclusion should cover most situations with most frameworks, this ESLint config will provide just-in-time feedback for teams using other build time inlined environment variables. This will also help support teams using in-house frameworks that we cannot detect automatically.
```

By now, you're probably wondering how `turbo` decides what constitutes a cache hit vs. miss for a given task. Good question!

First, `turbo` constructs a hash of the current global state of the monorepo:

- The contents of any files that satisfy the glob patterns and any the values of environment variables listed in [`globalDependencies`](../reference/configuration#globalDependencies-1)
- The sorted list environment variable key-value pairs that includes `THASH` _anywhere_ in their names (e.g. `STRIPE_PUBLIC_THASH_SECRET_KEY`, but not `STRIPE_PUBLIC_KEY`)

Then it adds more factors relevant to a given package's task:

> - Hash the contents of all version-controlled files in the package folder or the files matching the `inputs` globs, if present

Author: Some feedback from @mirshko in https://github.com/orgs/vercel/discussions/780#discussioncomment-3409321, that we could probably incorporate into this section while I'm here
